
Overview
========

What's new in our _methods_?

What are the key _results_? 

  How robust are they, and how much do they depend on assumptions?

What _story_ do we want to tell?

Summary
=======

Base model

* PDE for SIT by age of infection (AoI)
 * Individual age (IA) is handled implicitly; this is similar to assuming that AoI and IA are independent, which is potentially problematic
 * We use AoI to predict CD4 and also infectiousness (these are handled separately, which means they're also assumed to be independent)
 * CD4 counts are used only to decide who is eligible for treatment

* FoI is modulated by mortality and prevalence
  * Mortality effect ⇒ behaviour
  * Prevalence effect ⇒ heterogeneity
  * We have to think about the parameterization and the uncertainty here

Compare with _dropout model_

* 2-d PDE with AoI and time in treatment box.
 * Lots of difficulties here with keeping track of times for people who bounce around
 * Currently, we track both times for T₁ only. This means we have to assume that I_d (dropouts) and T₂ behaviour does not depend on time since infection.

* Questions arising:
 * We want to know people's:
   1. CD4 count
	2. Mortality rate
	3. Transmission rate
 * How do these depend on τ and τ_1 for the treated individuals? 
 * What do we assume about dependence on time-in-state for dropout and second-line individuals
  * There is a continuity problem here that needs to be mentioned

* Structure: the model does not have explicit treatment failure. Are we worried about this?
 * People who drop out due to failure are treated the same as those who drop out for other reasons (including drop outs due to improved health)
 * People who transition to T₂ are missing a time lag

Questions
=========

* Why such a big difference between F4-15d and F6.5d?
 * Need to look at the _incidence_ not the deaths; there's a big difference in transmission, masked to some extent by the effectiveness of ART

* Where is the data and assumptions from F5.1? How did it get jaggy, and what's the best way to fix it?

* What do we want to do about QALYs DALYs and life-years (YLS)? Can we focus on one? Can we figure out the anomalies in F5.3 (for example)?

* Can we do a better job of parameterizing the dropout function? Does it need a sensitivity analysis?
